# Forecasting-Malaysian-Loss-of-Tourism-Revenue
Forecasting the loss of tourism revenue based on the 2021 malaysian tourist arrivals obtained from the CEIC database. Please purchase the dataset dubbed "Malaysia Tourist Arrivals" if you wish to run the R code for yourself.


This was done for a school project up until forecasting the loss. But has since been further refined to showcase how the forecast performed when compared to the actual revenue loss reported by MATA (Malaysian Association Of Tour And Travel Agents). To forecast the financial loss in Malaysian tourism revenue during the Covid-19 pandemic, we used both ETS and ARIMA models. After identifying the most accurate ARIMA models, we concluded that the ARIMA(0,0,4) (1,1,0)_12 model was the best forecasting model given the data. Using this model, we forecasted the Covid dataset and obtained a 95% prediction interval, which showed no upward or downward trend but continues the plateau, with lower dips than previous years. We also identified an ETS (M, N, A) model and compared both models' plots. We found that the ARIMA model produced a narrower prediction interval, while the ETS model appeared to underestimate or overestimate the data. Based on the forecast prediction interval, we concluded that the ARIMA model was likely to produce better forecasts than the ETS model.

However, some limitations were identified from the reported results. Firstly, the ARIMA model required transforming the data to ensure stationarity, and ensuring that the residuals were white noise was crucial to ensure unbiased and efficient models. Secondly, identification of the ARIMA models were based on the Box Jenkins methodology, and no re-identification was performed once the residuals were considered white noise. In the future, further model identification should be considered even if the residuals are white noise. Despite these limitations, this study provides valuable insights into forecasting financial losses in the tourism industry during pandemics.
